Sunsetting beth (#24)
lidofinance/anchor-collateral-steth: README.md

Reviewer: I guess we should need to add kind a deprecation notice in README

Author: added

> > **⚠️  Deprecation notice**: The Lido stops maintaining the Anchor - stETH integration. Minting is discontinued. Withdrawals continue to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **⚠️  Deprecation notice**: The Lido DAO stops maintaining the Anchor <> stETH integration. Minting and rewards distribution are discontinued. Withdrawals continue to work.
```

> > **⚠️  Deprecation notice**: The Lido DAO stops maintaining the Anchor <> stETH integration. Minting and rewards distribution are discontinued. Withdrawals continue to work.

Reviewer 2: Probably we should add this notice to `docs/spec.md` as well

[Anchor protocol]: http://anchorprotocol.com
[Wormhole v2 bridge]: https://github.com/certusone/wormhole

## 🏁 Getting started

- This project uses Brownie development framework. Learn more about
[Brownie](https://eth-brownie.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html).
- [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) dependency and packaging manager is used
to bootstrap environment and keep the repo sane.

### Prerequisites

- Python >= 3.10, <3.11
- Pip >= 20.0
- Node >= 16.0
- yarn >= 1.22

#### Step 1. Install Poetry

Use the following command to install poetry:

```shell
pip install --user poetry==1.5.0
```

alternatively, you could proceed with `pipx`:

```shell
pipx install poetry==1.5.0
```

#### Step 2. Setup dependencies with poetry

Ensure that poetry bin path is added to your `$PATH` env variable.
Usually it's `$HOME/.local/bin` for most Unix-like systems.

```shell
poetry install
```

Notes: if you have some problems on `poetry install` (too slow, or too long) try to clear cache:
```shell
poetry cache clear --all pypi
```

or try to update poetry
```shell

> poetry self update 1.6

Reviewer: tho why can't we start with installing poetry 1.6 in the instructions above?

Author: it just about poetry issue (if 1.5 is not working for you lets update the comment about poetry install)

```

> ## Contracts

Reviewer 2: Some of the contracts in this section have been removed, but there are still links to them that do not work
